docs: Clarify requirements to run examples (#1935)
probabl-ai/skore: examples/README.txt

========

Below is a gallery of narrated notebook examples on how and why to use skore.

> 
> .. note::
>     If you would like to run the examples, please install their dependencies with `pip install 'skore[sphinx]'`

Reviewer: The rendering doesn't look pretty

<img width="817" height="143" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4a783bda-d58f-4ab4-b6fc-d99e6dbec8ef" />

Please check something like it is done in the `install.rst`:

```suggestion

.. note::
    If you would like to run the examples, please install their dependencies using

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip install -U skore[sphinx]

    
```
